Sahidya/auditlogs v2 logpush (#24631)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/changelog/audit-logs/2025-08-22-audit-logs-v2-logpush.mdx

---
title: Audit logs (version 2) - Logpush Beta Release
description: New version of audit logs UI
date: 2025-08-22
---

> [Audit Logs v2 dataset](/logs/logpush/logpush-job/datasets/account/audit_logs_v2/) is now available via Logpush.
> This expands on earlier releases of Audit Logs v2 in the [API](/changelog/2025-03-27-automatic-audit-logs-beta-release/) and [Dashboard UI](/changelog/2025-07-29-audit-logs-v2-ui-beta/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Audit Logs v2 dataset](/logs/logpush/logpush-job/datasets/account/audit_logs_v2/) is now available via Logpush.

This expands on earlier releases of Audit Logs v2 in the [API](/changelog/2025-03-27-automatic-audit-logs-beta-release/) and [Dashboard UI](/changelog/2025-07-29-audit-logs-v2-ui-beta/).
```

We recommend creating a new Logpush job for the Audit Logs v2 dataset.

Timelines for General Availability (GA) of Audit Logs v2 and the retirement of Audit Logs v1 will be shared in upcoming updates.

> For more details on Audit Logs v2, see the [Audit Logs documentation](https://developers.cloudflare.com/fundamentals/account/account-security/audit-logs/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details on Audit Logs v2, refer to the [Audit Logs documentation](https://developers.cloudflare.com/fundamentals/account/account-security/audit-logs/).
```
